Update new-command.md to two-generic options pattern (#2707)
microsoft/mcp: servers/Azure.Mcp.Server/docs/new-command.md

    public required string RequiredOption { get; set; }

    [Option("Description of the optional option.")]
    public string? OptionalOption { get; set; }

    [Option(OptionDescriptions.Subscription)]
    public string? Subscription { get; set; }

    [Option(OptionDescriptions.Tenant)]
    public string? Tenant { get; set; }

    [Option(Name = "retry")]
    public RetryPolicyOptions? RetryPolicy { get; set; }
}
```

IMPORTANT:
- Options classes are **flat** — no inheritance hierarchy. Implement `ISubscriptionOption` if the command needs subscription/tenant.
- Use `[Option]` attributes to declare each option. `OptionBinder` handles registration and binding automatically.
- Use `required` keyword or non-nullable types for required options. Use `?` for optional options.
- Only define properties that correspond to actually exposed CLI options for that specific command.
- Use consistent parameter names across services:
  - **CRITICAL**: Always use `subscription` (never `subscriptionId`) for subscription parameters - this allows the parameter to accept both subscription IDs and subscription names, which are resolved internally by `ISubscriptionResolver`

>   - Use `resourceGroup` instead of `resourceGroupName`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use `resourceGroup` instead of `resourceGroupName`
  - Use constants on `OptionDescriptions` for commonly defined options
  - Create a similar constants class ,e.g. `KeyVaultOptionDescriptions` in the tools project if options appear on multiple commands
```

  - Use singular nouns for resource names (e.g., `server` not `serverName`)
  - **Remove unnecessary "-name" suffixes**: Use `--account` instead of `--account-name`, `--container` instead of `--container-name`, etc. Only keep "-name" when it provides necessary disambiguation (e.g., `--subscription-name` to distinguish from global `--subscription`)
  - Keep parameter names consistent with Azure SDK parameters when possible
  - If services share similar operations (e.g., ListDatabases), use the same parameter order and names

### Option Attribute Conventions

The `[Option]` attribute drives automatic option registration and binding via `OptionBinder`:

**Key Principles:**
- Options classes are **flat POCOs** — no class inheritance. Each command has its own options class.
- `OptionBinder` discovers all `[Option]`-attributed properties on the concrete class and handles both registration (adding to the CLI parser) and binding (populating from parse results) automatically.
- **Required vs optional** is determined entirely by nullability: `required` keyword or non-nullable types = required; `?` = optional. No `.AsRequired()`/`.AsOptional()` calls needed.

> - **No shared state**: Each command gets its own options instance per request — thread-safe by design.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/pull/2707/changes/3a4e322f899915969953b6c7aca88b4f2fb2c054

> - **No shared state**: Each command gets its own options instance per request — thread-safe by design.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/commit/3a4e322f899915969953b6c7aca88b4f2fb2c054

> - **Implement `ISubscriptionOption`** if the command needs `Subscription`/`Tenant`. This enables `ISubscriptionResolver` post-processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Implement `ISubscriptionOption`** if the command needs optional `string? Subscription`. This enables post-processing by `SubscriptionCommand` and `ISubscriptionResolver`.
```

> - **Implement additional option interfaces** (e.g., `IStorageAccountOption`) only when base command classes need type-safe access to specific properties for shared behavior like validation.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/pull/2707/changes/3a4e322f899915969953b6c7aca88b4f2fb2c054

- **Validation** is done via `ValidateOptions(TOptions, ValidationResult)` override in the command class — not via `Command.Validators.Add`.
- **No manual registration or binding**: Remove all `RegisterOptions`/`BindOptions` overrides. If you find yourself writing these, you're using the old pattern.

**Conventions:**
- **Name**: Derived automatically from the property name in kebab-case (e.g., `LocalFilePath` → `--local-file-path`). Only use `[Option(Name = "...")]` when the convention doesn't produce the desired name (e.g., `RetryPolicy` → `--retry` instead of `--retry-policy`). **Do not** specify `Name =` when it matches the default.

> - **Required**: Determined by nullability. Use `required` keyword or non-nullable types for required options. Use `?` for optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Required**: Determined by nullability. Use non-nullable types for required options. Use `?` for optional.  Use the `required` keyword to suppress compiler warnings about uninitialized non-nullable reference properties.
```

    [Option(OptionDescriptions.Subscription)]
    public string? Subscription { get; set; }

    [Option(OptionDescriptions.Tenant)]
    public string? Tenant { get; set; }

    [Option(Name = "retry")]
    public RetryPolicyOptions? RetryPolicy { get; set; }
}

// In the command class:
public override void ValidateOptions(MyCommandOptions options, ValidationResult validationResult)
{
    base.ValidateOptions(options, validationResult);

    if (!new[] { "json", "table", "csv" }.Contains(options.Format, StringComparer.OrdinalIgnoreCase))
    {
        validationResult.Errors.Add("--format must be one of: json, table, csv");
    }
}
```

**Pattern 4: Options with interface constraints for shared base command behavior**

When base commands need type-safe access to specific options, define small interfaces:

```csharp
public interface IStorageAccountOption
{
    string Account { get; }
}

public interface IContainerOption : IStorageAccountOption
{
    string Container { get; }
}
```

The concrete options class implements these interfaces while remaining flat:

```csharp
public class BlobUploadOptions : ISubscriptionOption, IBlobOption

> {

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/commit/3a4e322f899915969953b6c7aca88b4f2fb2c054

    [Option(OptionDescriptions.Tenant)]
    public string? Tenant { get; set; }

    [Option(Name = "retry")]
    public RetryPolicyOptions? RetryPolicy { get; set; }
}
```

**Key Benefits:**
- **Flat and readable**: All options visible in one file — no hunting through a class hierarchy
- **Composable**: Options can implement multiple interfaces without rigid single-inheritance trees
- **Automatic**: `OptionBinder` handles registration and binding — no manual `RegisterOptions`/`BindOptions`
- **Type-safe**: `required` keyword enforces required options at compile time; `OptionBinder` validates presence at runtime
- **Consistent**: Same pattern as `SubscriptionCommand` using `ISubscriptionOption`
- **Per-command accuracy**: Each options class declares exactly what that command needs — nullability reflects actual usage, not shared base class compromises

### 4. Command Class

**CRITICAL: Using Statements**
Ensure all necessary using statements are included:

```csharp
using System.Net;
using Azure.Mcp.Tools.{Toolset}.Models;
using Azure.Mcp.Tools.{Toolset}.Options;  // REQUIRED: For options classes
using Azure.Mcp.Tools.{Toolset}.Services;
using Microsoft.Extensions.Logging;

> using Microsoft.Mcp.Core.Commands;

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/commit/3a4e322f899915969953b6c7aca88b4f2fb2c054
